##Round 1
What nation in the Western Hemisphere is the world's largest exporter of forest products?
What Broadway musical offers the songs Rum Tum Tugger, Rumpleteazer, and Mungojerri?
Who read the news on CBS from April 16th, 1962 to March 6th, 1981?
What's the nickname for the full moon nearest the autumnal equinox?
What Red Sox great did teammate Luis Tiant affectionately nickname Polacko?
What B-word will usually be found on the labels of very dry champagne?
##Round 2
What North Carolina cape's many shipwrecks have earned it the nickname "the Graveyard of the Atlantic"?
What sitcom had occasional cameos by DJ Jazzy Jeff?
What church did Henry VII create when the Pope refused to give him a divorce in 1534?
What mollusk is the geoduck a large edible variety of?
What year was the first summer Olympiad televised live?
What cold poet lit a paper fire to disrupt a reading by Archibald MacLeish?
##Round 3
What Siberian lake contains 20% of the world's unfozen fresh water?
What 1994 Disney soundtrack became the best-selling children's album of all time?
What was 11th-century Spanish military leader Rodrigo Diaz de Vivar better known as?
What Greek wrote Meteorologica, popularizing that name for the study of weather?
What European brewery is second only to Anheuser-Busch in world beer production?
What lamb dish is favored by members of the all-Bob club, Bobs International?
##Round 4
What huge archipelago gained independence from the Netherlands in 1949?
Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes last alphabetically?
What southeastern state was the last to return to the Union after the Civil War?
What human organ does a nephrologist treat?
What Major League team has fans dubbed Cheese Heads?
What Rodin sculpture is known in French as Le Penseur?
##Round 5
What's the number one cash crop in the state of Alabama?
What rock group is immortalized on Butthead's t-shirt?
What king had hoped to please is wife by building the Hanging Gardens of Babylon?
What 1989 environmental disaster killed an estimated 144 bald eagles?
What does an archer keep his or her arrows in?
What animals were called "Hoover hogs" and "Texas turkeys" by hungry Depression-era Texans?
##Round 6
Who's the Preserver of Mankind in the Hindu Trinity?
What jazz style did Charlie Parker and Dizzy Gillespie help invent?
What former US president showed up on dollar coins in 1971?
How many tablespoons will fill a cup?
What's the best-selling apple in the US?
What's the most common word in the English language that begins with the letter C?
##FINAL QUESTION