##Round 1
What did Nathaniel B. Palmer discover at 64 degrees south latitude and 60 degrees west latitude?
What son of a cantor wrote the 1859 operetta "Orpheus in the Underworld"?
Have there been more Democratic or Republican presidents?
Who rides Rocinante?
How many sides does a banana have?
What soft drink joins tequila, grenadine, egg white and crushed ice to put the fizz in a Tequila Fizz?
##Round 2
How many countries in Europe begin with the letter C?
Which of Beethoven's symphonies begins with three repeated notes?
How many degrees of nobility are there in Britain?
What city does most of Shakespeare's "Two Gentlemen of Verona" take place in?
How many tools are there in a basic swiss-army knife?
What Japanese sport's name is translated into English as "the gentle way"?
##Round 3
What city's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest?
What's Foghorn Leghorn's favorite song?
How many theses did Martin Luther post on the door of a Wittenburg church in 1517?
What animal's body does the mythical griffin have?
What does a chandler make?
What color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value?
##Round 4
What state did Custer make his last stand in?
What "Batman' TV villain leads the Molehill Mob?
What Asian gulf were the destroyers Maddox and C. Turner Joy shot up in?
What year did Peanuts first appear? (within 5 years)
What's the international radio code word for the letter P?
What beer pledged in the 1970s: "If You've Got The Time, We've Got The Beer"?
##Round 5
What historical Pennsylvania community hosts the Hall of Presidents?
What soap opera is set in the midwestern town of Oakdale?
What US president was the first to have his mother vote for him?
What Arthurian knight has the strength of ten men because he is pure of heart?
How many years make up a lustrum?
How many highway lanes are there in the Frogger arcade game?
##Round 6
How many stars are there on Austria's flag?
What singer likes to tell audiences: "Hump's the name, Hump's the game"?
What Moslem sect are most Iranians members of?
What does the title character in Leo Tolstoy's novel "Anna Karenina" die under?
How many revolutions does a standard LP make in three minutes?
How many approach steps are usually taken before a bowling ball is delivered?
##Final 