##Round 1
What's California's state tree?
Where's the seat-ejection button hidden in the car in Goldfinger?
What knighted English explorer dubbed part of the West Coast "New Albion"?
What likable Shakespeare play contains the line: "All the world's a stage..."?
What substance is the dust formed when a laser cuts diamond?
What member of a baseball team is allowed to wear the longest glove?
##Round 2
What Scandinavian country produces Aass Bok-Beer?
What subject did high school teacher Chet Kincaid teach on The Cosby Show?
Who was the smallest president, weighing in at 100 pounds?
What Greek philosopher was the first to describe the lost continent of Atlantis?
What's the international radio code word for the letter R?
What game coud see a player boondock an opponent's wink?
##Round 3
What continent boasts the tallest mountain outside Asia?
What month made Don McLean shiver, in "American Pie"?
What president died amid the Teapot Dome scandal?
What magazine debuted as Fruit, Garden, and Home?
What insect is often reffered to as a white ant?
What color is the 2-ball in pool?
##Round 4
Which of the Great Lakes are Wisconsin's Apostle Islands in?
What was the nickname of alto sax player Charlie Parker?
What's the biggest-selling car in history? (as of 1984)
Which of his works was Charles Dickens' personal favorite?
What cow is named for a German state?
How many yards does an opposing soccer player have to be from the ball on a free kick?
##Round 5
How many US states are at least partially north of Canada's southernmost point?
What year was Star Wars released?
What Russian revolutionary was born Lev Davidovich Bronstein?
What's a female abbot called?
How many toes does an ostrich sport on each foot?
What spirit was known in 18th century England as "Cuckhold's Comfort", "Make Shift", and "Ladies' Delight"?
##Round 6
How many states end with the letter H?
Who are the three big "B"s of classical music?
What famed motto did the Communist Labor Party of America originate?
What author's central character hasn't caught a fish in 84 days?
What's the transparent tissue that covers the iris and pupil of an eye called?
How high do the numbers go in standard Bingo?
##Final
