##Round 1
What's the only country to border Denmark?
Who was the biggest sitcom star of the 1960s to repeatedly walk off the set without a word whenever he felt tired?
What country saw its assets frozen in US banks in November 1979?
What breed was responsible for two-thirds of US dog bite deaths in the 1980s?
Who reigned as the heavyweight boxing champ of Uganda from 1951 - 1960?
What nation voted to adopt a 10 day week, 10 hour day, 100 minute hour, and 100 second minute in 1795?
##Round 2
What state has the highest ratio of folks aged 65 or over?
What fruit is depicted in Leonardo's Last Supper, even though it did not arrive in the Holy Land until long after Jesus's death?
Who was the 67th person to cross the Atlantic ocean nonstop in an airplane?
What organ is inflamed when one has encephalitis?
What NFL team won the most home games in the 1960s
What month and day was Krishna born on?
##Round 3
What African lake do the Black Volta, Red Volta, and White Volta rivers empty into?
What nickname did Charles Arcola answer to on Happy Days?
What president's mug graces a $100000 bill?
What colorless, odorless substance is the main consituent of natural gas?
What Ivy League footbal tam once lost an NCAA record 44 straight games?
What German surname means Beet Garden in Dutch?
##Round 4
What southwestern state adopted the bolo tie as its official state neckwear?
Who created the first animated prime-time series since the Flintstones went off the air?
What's the Islamic Resistance Movement better known as to Palestinians?
Whats the only fish that produces real caviar, according to the FDA?
How many of every ten pro athletes in the US are African-Amercian?
What M-word describes thrashing and slam-dancing in the pit of a rock concert?
##Round 5
What state does the Yellowstone river rise in?
What sitcom mom once told her bored kid: "Go play in traffic"?
What outfit's National Intelligence Daily has a circulation of about 200?
What Greek was the first physician to record case histories of patients?
What's the common name for a motorized pedal cycle?
What "Man In Black" wrote a novel about St. Paul called "Man In White"?
##Round 6
What New England state has towns named Peru, Palermo, China, Madrid, and Mexico?
What sitcom character moved from a Boston barstool to a Seattle radio station?
What nation's 90-man army is the world's oldest, dating back to 1506?
What, along with heart disease and cancer, accounts for 64% of US deaths?
What's hockey star Wayne Gretzsky's jersey number?
What was French fashion designer Gabrielle Chanel's nickname?
## FINAL QUESTION



